docs/guide/browser-extension.md, before:

# Browser Extension

:::tip Compatibility Note
The v7 version of detools only supports Vue3. If your application is still using Vue2, please install the [v6 version](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/vuejs-devtools/nhdogjmejiglipccpnnnanhbledajbpd?utm_source=ext_sidebar).
:::

## Chrome

The extension is in beta, remove or disable any existing versions and install the extension from [here](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/vuejs-devtools-beta/ljjemllljcmogpfapbkkighbhhppjdbg?utm_source=ext_sidebar).

 <div
  class="w-83 group cursor-pointer list-none rounded pr-5 hover:b-$vp-c-brand-1"
  border="~ solid base" flex="~ flex-row items-center"
>
  <a
    href="https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/vuejs-devtools-beta/ljjemllljcmogpfapbkkighbhhppjdbg?utm_source=ext_sidebar"
    class="group text-! h-full w-full flex cursor-pointer list-none items-center rounded pr-5 hover:b-$vp-c-brand-1 text-$vp-c-text-1! decoration-none!"
    target="_blank"
  >
    <img src="/features/chrome-logo.svg" alt="Chrome Extension" class="mx-2 h-10">
    <p class="group-hover:text-$vp-c-brand-1">
      Install Beta version on Chrome
    </p>
  </a>
</div>

## Edge (Arc/Brave)

...and other Chromium-based browsers.

This is the same as the Chrome extension, but you need to install it from the Chrome Web Store. You can install it from [here](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/vuejs-devtools-beta/ljjemllljcmogpfapbkkighbhhppjdbg?utm_source=ext_sidebar).

 <div
  class="w-123 group cursor-pointer list-none rounded pr-5 hover:b-$vp-c-brand-1"
  border="~ solid base" flex="~ flex-row items-center"
>
  <a
    href="https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/vuejs-devtools-beta/ljjemllljcmogpfapbkkighbhhppjdbg?utm_source=ext_sidebar"
    class="group text-! h-full w-full flex cursor-pointer list-none items-center rounded pr-5 hover:b-$vp-c-brand-1 text-$vp-c-text-1! decoration-none!"
    target="_blank"
  >
    <img src="/features/chromium-logo.svg" alt="Chrome Extension" class="mx-2 h-10">
    <p class="group-hover:text-$vp-c-brand-1">
      Install Beta version on Chromium-based browsers
    </p>
  </a>
</div>

## Firefox

We'll launch on the Firefox App Store once v7.0 is stable.

Commit message:

Moving usage to the end of each installation guide.

docs/guide/browser-extension.md, after:

# Browser Extension

:::tip Compatibility Note
The v7 version of detools only supports Vue3. If your application is still using Vue2, please install the [v6 version](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/vuejs-devtools/nhdogjmejiglipccpnnnanhbledajbpd?utm_source=ext_sidebar).
:::

## Installation

Installation of the browser extension differs from browser to browser.

### Chrome

The extension is in beta, remove or disable any existing versions and install the extension from [here](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/vuejs-devtools-beta/ljjemllljcmogpfapbkkighbhhppjdbg?utm_source=ext_sidebar).

 <div
  class="w-83 group cursor-pointer list-none rounded pr-5 hover:b-$vp-c-brand-1"
  border="~ solid base" flex="~ flex-row items-center"
>
  <a
    href="https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/vuejs-devtools-beta/ljjemllljcmogpfapbkkighbhhppjdbg?utm_source=ext_sidebar"
    class="group text-! h-full w-full flex cursor-pointer list-none items-center rounded pr-5 hover:b-$vp-c-brand-1 text-$vp-c-text-1! decoration-none!"
    target="_blank"
  >
    <img src="/features/chrome-logo.svg" alt="Chrome Extension" class="mx-2 h-10">
    <p class="group-hover:text-$vp-c-brand-1">
      Install Beta version on Chrome
    </p>
  </a>
</div>

### Edge (Arc/Brave)

...and other Chromium-based browsers.

This is the same as the Chrome extension, but you need to install it from the Chrome Web Store. You can install it from [here](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/vuejs-devtools-beta/ljjemllljcmogpfapbkkighbhhppjdbg?utm_source=ext_sidebar).

 <div
  class="w-123 group cursor-pointer list-none rounded pr-5 hover:b-$vp-c-brand-1"
  border="~ solid base" flex="~ flex-row items-center"
>
  <a
    href="https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/vuejs-devtools-beta/ljjemllljcmogpfapbkkighbhhppjdbg?utm_source=ext_sidebar"
    class="group text-! h-full w-full flex cursor-pointer list-none items-center rounded pr-5 hover:b-$vp-c-brand-1 text-$vp-c-text-1! decoration-none!"
    target="_blank"
  >
    <img src="/features/chromium-logo.svg" alt="Chrome Extension" class="mx-2 h-10">
    <p class="group-hover:text-$vp-c-brand-1">
      Install Beta version on Chromium-based browsers
    </p>
  </a>
</div>

### Firefox

We'll launch on the Firefox App Store once v7.0 is stable.

## Usage
Once installed as a browser extension, Vue DevTools can be found within your browser's Developer Tools. These can typically be opened using `Ctrl+Shift+I` or `F12` depending on
your browser and operating system.

Within your browser's Developer Tools, you should see a new tab at the top that reads "Vue". Keep in mind that it may be hidden within a dropdown if there are many tabs.
